Now we're going to split the data and the labels into the training data set and the testing data set
and we're also going to use their sikat functions to do that.
So we're going to import the train that's split and to use that.
This will give us 4 outputs that we're going to label as x train x test white train and white tests.
OK.
We're going to give that the x and y Miles.
We're going to tell tell it that the test size will be of 30 percent.
And we're going to just have a fixed random state.
Great.
So that's done now.
We will try to understand the company that we have in our training.
Now we're testing that.
We're going to use the shape function to do that.
So we have almost 200000 votes and 29 Gollum's you know we're trying in data set
on hours testing data set up 85 gay votes.
OK.
Next thing we're going to transform our data sets in two by race.
So we're going to need that in that formats later.
We're going to just use the MP function to do that and we're going to do that for all of our firewalls.
Now we're going to create a deep neural network that will help us predict if a neutral section is fraudulent
or not
reach us.
Leave the comment great.
We're going to import the sequential mail from us and we're also going to import dense layers about
layers.
Next thing we're going to define our model our model will be a sequential model.
That means that one layer will come after the other and when they find a stack of letters for going
to use a whole bunch of dense layers
we're going to use about layers in the middle to avoid overfitting and then more dense layers
how many As many as I think are necessary we're going to do our first advent.
We're going to measure our results and if we need a more complex model we'll just eat it and create
a new model.
Change it once more and measure the results again.
So we be using Velu activation
using almost all the dense layers
except for the last one that will cover sigmoid activation because we're doing binary classification
problem.
We really need to tell our deep neural network how many columns to expect in the first layer.
That's the input they mention that must match our number of columns in our data set.
That's 29 because we explored the shape before.
OK.
We also cup a single output node.
In our last layer that that's the probability of the transaction being fraudulent or not and then we
cannot as many notes in the all the other players as we can't see or necessarily
with that in that unit parameter for every layer we're stopped with 16 will increase that 24
we'll just need to complete the dropout layer and we're going to say that we will help up point five
probability of dropping each node.
So now with our model defined Let's check it out using the summary function.
OK.
So we see that every parameter we just define it much.
And that will come up almost to folks and amateurs to train our neural network.